Adding a Note to prevent Calico from using Cilium Interfaces (#27666)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/installation/k8s-install-migration.rst

        $ cilium install --helm-values values-migration.yaml --helm-auto-gen-values values-initial.yaml
        $ cat values-initial.yaml

.. note::

> In case you are migrating from Calico you need to ensure that Calico doesn't use Cilium's interfaces during the migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you are migrating from Calico you need to ensure that Calico doesn't accidently switch to Cilium's interfaces during the migration.
```

> In case you are migrating from Calico you need to ensure that Calico doesn't accidently switch Cilium's interfaces during the migration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you install Cilium, it will create a new network interface called ``cilium_host`` on each node. You may need to configure the old CNI to ensure that it doesn't accidentally use this interface.
```
Moved a sentence from below to here, I think it's a clearer way of setting the scene. The same problem is very likely to be true for other CNIs, so I suggest we use Calico here as an example (see also next suggestion)

Reviewer 3: +1 to @lizrice's change. The only thing I would add is a verb tense nit: "it will create" to "it creates".

> .. note::
> When you install Cilium, it creates a new network interface called ``cilium_host`` on each node. Configure the old CNI to ensure that it doesn't accidentally use this interface.

Reviewer 3: Delete these lines...
```suggestion
```

> When you install Cilium, it will create a new network interface called ``cilium_host`` on each node. You may need to configure the old CNI to ensure that it doesn't accidentally use this interface.

Reviewer 4: I don't think that this should be a callout note. It seems like instead this should be a dedicated step that starts with "Ensure that existing plugins are configured to avoid modifying Cilium-managed traffic". Then it can proceed with describing which other plugins are known to require additional steps here, then it can proceed with the rest of the existing description here to tell the user what to do for a clean migration. All of this needs to be done at a specific point in the order of steps in this document to ensure the migration is smooth.

Please also ensure that the indentation for the paragraphs is correct to make sure that the text displays correctly. This should become apparent fairly quickly in the rendered version of the text.

Reviewer 3: Agreed.

> When you install Cilium, it will create a new network interface called ``cilium_host`` on each node. You may need to configure the old CNI to ensure that it doesn't accidentally use this interface.

Reviewer 3: Wording for clarity
```suggestion
When you install Cilium, it creates a new network interface called ``cilium_host`` on each node. Make sure that you configure your existing CNI to avoid modifying Cilium-managed traffic.
```

Reviewer 2: I am not sure you need to (or can) do this for all types of CNI, but we do know that it applies in the case of Calico. That's why I suggested the wording "You may need to", and I still think it's more accurate that way.

Reviewer 4: If you don't know and we don't know, how will the user know?

Reviewer 4: I think this is maybe related to the [commentary I had](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/27666#discussion_r1304746464): Rather than saying "You may need to", if we say something more like "Ensure that existing plugins are configured to avoid modifying Cilium-managed traffic" then that is a bit more explicit. I think that Sarah's commentary is proposing wording just like that. Later on in the document it'll describe specifically the Calico case so that one will be clear. For other CNIs it may or may not apply, but we make it clear that it's up to the user to make sure that property holds.

Reviewer 3: > Rather than saying "You may need to", if we say something more like "Ensure that existing plugins are configured to avoid modifying Cilium-managed traffic" then that is a bit more explicit.

I think this wording works better, with some modifications. I've updated my review comment accordingly.

Reviewer 3: Our comments here may be difficult to reconcile with @joestringer's https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/27666#discussion_r1304746464. I'll give a fresh review that attempts to reconcile both; I welcome feedback!

UPDATE: https://github.com/cilium/cilium/pull/27666#pullrequestreview-1603538755

> Calico has several modes of operation to decide which network interface to use by default on nodes that it manages. This is configured using the Tigera Operator's spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4 (and respectively nodeAddressAutodetectionV6 for IPv6) parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calico has several modes of operation to decide which network interface to use by default on nodes that it manages. This is configured using the Tigera Operator's ``spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4`` (and respectively ``nodeAddressAutodetectionV6`` for IPv6) parameter.
```

> Calico has several modes of operation to decide which network interface to use by default on nodes that it manages. This is configured using the Tigera Operator's ``spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4`` (and respectively ``nodeAddressAutodetectionV6`` for IPv6) parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, Calico has several modes of operation to decide which network interface to use by default on nodes that it manages. This is configured using the Tigera Operator's ``spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4`` (and respectively ``nodeAddressAutodetectionV6`` for IPv6) parameter.
```

Reviewer 3: +1 to @lizrice. The only thing I would change is to be more specific: "This is configured" to "Operation mode is configured"

> By default, it is set to ``firstFound: true``, which will use the first detected network interface on the node. Check this value with:

Reviewer 3: It would be helpful to be more specific, and to use present tense:
```suggestion
By default, the parameter is set to ``firstFound: true``, which uses the first detected network interface on the node. Check this value with:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

      kubectl get installations.operator.tigera.io default \

>   -o jsonpath='{.spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4}{"\n"}'

Reviewer: Note: I use the `{"\n"}` in the lab to make the output nicer, but it's not actually necessary to check the value.

> If Calico decides to use ``cilium_host`` as its default interface, Calico node routing starts failing. To avoid failures, make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 

Reviewer 3: ...and add some revised lines here:
```suggestion
5. Configure your existing CNI to avoid modifying Cilium-managed traffic.

When you install Cilium, it creates a new network interface called ``cilium_host`` on each node. Make sure your old CNI doesn't accidentally use this interface. If Calico decides to use ``cilium_host`` as its default interface, Calico node routing starts failing. To avoid failures, make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 

```

> When installing Cilium on the nodes, Cilium will create a new network interface called ``cilium_host``. If Calico decides to use it as its default interface, Calico node routing will start failing. For this reason, we want to make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Calico decides to use ``cilium_host`` as its default interface, Calico node routing will start failing. For this reason, we want to make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 
```

Reviewer 3: +1 to @lizrice, with the following changes:
```suggestion
When installing Cilium on the nodes, Cilium creates a new network interface called ``cilium_host``. If Calico selects ``cilium_host`` as its default interface, Calico node routing starts failing. For this reason, make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 
```

> Depending on your Tigera Operator settings (for example if you use the interface or skipInterface options), you might want to adjust the parameters to ensure ``cilium_host`` is not considered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your Tigera Operator settings (for example if you use the ``interface`` or ``skipInterface`` options), you might want to adjust the parameters to ensure ``cilium_host`` is not considered. 
```

> Depending on your Tigera Operator settings (for example if you use the ``interface`` or ``skipInterface`` options), you might want to adjust the parameters to ensure ``cilium_host`` is not considered. 

Reviewer 3: wording nits
```suggestion
Depending on your Tigera Operator settings (for example, if you use the ``interface`` or ``skipInterface`` options), you can adjust the parameters to ensure ``cilium_host`` is not considered. 
```

> We can set ``firstFound`` to ``false`` and use ``kubernetes: NodeInternalIP`` instead, so Calico uses the node's internal IP as its main interface. 

Reviewer: I'd keep "you" since you started with it

```suggestion
You can set ``firstFound`` to ``false`` and use ``kubernetes: NodeInternalIP`` instead, so Calico uses the node's internal IP as its main interface. 
```

> If Calico decides to use ``cilium_host`` as its default interface, Calico node routing will start failing. For this reason, we want to make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 
> Depending on your Tigera Operator settings (for example, if you use the ``interface`` or ``skipInterface`` options), you can adjust the parameters to ensure ``cilium_host`` is not considered. 
> You can set ``firstFound`` to ``false`` and use ``kubernetes: NodeInternalIP`` instead, so Calico uses the node's internal IP as its main interface. 

Reviewer 3: Grammar nits
```suggestion
If Calico decides to use ``cilium_host`` as its default interface, Calico node routing starts failing. To avoid failures, make sure that Calico ignores the ``cilium_host`` interface. 
Depending on your Tigera Operator settings (for example, if you use the ``interface`` or ``skipInterface`` options), you can adjust the parameters to ensure ``cilium_host`` is not considered. 
You can set ``firstFound`` to ``false`` and use ``kubernetes: NodeInternalIP`` instead, so that Calico uses the node's internal IP as its main interface. 
```

> You can set ``firstFound`` to ``false`` and use ``kubernetes: NodeInternalIP`` instead, so Calico uses the node's internal IP as its main interface. 

Reviewer 2: I wonder whether using ``skip-interface=cilium-host`` might be more explicit? ([Docs](https://docs.tigera.io/calico/latest/reference/configure-calico-node#skip-interfaceinterface-regex))

Reviewer: I wonder if I had tried that 🤔 It does ring a bell...

> We can Patch the Tigera Operator's configuration with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Patch the Tigera Operator's configuration with:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

     kubectl patch installations.operator.tigera.io default --type=merge \
  --patch '{"spec": {"calicoNetwork": {"nodeAddressAutodetectionV4": {"firstFound": false, "kubernetes": "NodeInternalIP"}}}}'

> Just to make sure that the values have taken effect we can check the value again:

Reviewer 3: Use plain, clear language
```suggestion
Verify the values have taken effect:
```

.. code-block:: shell-session

     kubectl get installations.operator.tigera.io default \

>   -o jsonpath='{.spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4}{"\n"}'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  -o jsonpath='{.spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4}'
```

As per @raphink's earlier comment the `{"\n"}` is superfluous outside the labs environment

        $ cat values-initial.yaml

> For example, Calico has several modes of operation to decide which network interface to use by default on nodes that it manages. This is configured using the Tigera Operator's ``spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4`` (and respectively ``nodeAddressAutodetectionV6`` for IPv6) parameter.

Reviewer 4: Is this supposed to be part of the item (4)? If yes then please indent it to the same level of indentation as the text "Configure any additional ...". Same feedback for the following paragraphs.

By default, the parameter is set to ``firstFound: true``, which uses the first detected network interface on the node. Check this value with:

.. code-block:: shell-session

      kubectl get installations.operator.tigera.io default \
  -o jsonpath='{.spec.calicoNetwork.nodeAddressAutodetectionV4}{"\n"}'

> 5. Configure your existing CNI to avoid modifying Cilium-managed traffic.

Reviewer 4: This also needs to be indented to match the indentation for "4." above. Subsequent paragraphs need to be indented to match the start of "Configure ...".

Reviewer 4: This whole guide should have previously been written using `#.` instead of a number, but since we're using numbers for now.... Please double-check the rest of the document. I can see on line 226 that there is another `5.`. All subsequent numbers need to be updated if you're adding a new step here.
